
# Here I am going to dicuss why I chose the restuarants, events, and conference that I did. 
# I chose ten restuarants: Bru Burger (American), Gomez Barbeque (barbeque), India Garden (Indian), Fresco (Italian), Bakersfield (Mexican), Salt on Mass (Seafood), Goodfellas (pizza), Modita (Sushi), Bangkok (Thai), Saffron Cafe (Medditeranean). Each restaurant has a different type of cusine so that hopefully everyone will get to go somewhere they love, and also give interns a taste of all the different food Indy has to offer. Most of these locations were picked based on my favorite spots in the city. I've grown up in Fishers my entire life and so I picked restauartns I knew were really good and had options hopefully everyone will like. 
# The five events I chose were: Indy 500, One Team Scavengar Hunt Indianapolis, The LUME, Escape Room Indy, and the Indianapolis Zoo. I chose the Indy 500 because it is in late May and it is the most popular single day event in Indy. I think for those who have not had a chance to experience this it will be an amazing experience. I chose the scavenger hunt next because I think it'd be fun to go off in teams and explore the city together. I've lived here forever and I'm sure there are parts of the city I have never experienced, so I was really looking forward to this. Next, I chose The LUME at Newfeilds because it is the largetest art exibit Newfeilds has ever had, and extremely popular among my friends. The exhibit closes at the end of May though, so we have to fit it in the beginning of the summer. I added an escape room event because this will be great team bonding, and it's a super fun way to spend a couple hours. Lastly, I thought it would be a good idea to go to the zoo. I personally love the Indianapolis zoo and we could look into getting a private tour behind the scenes (I've done one before they're super fun). 
#Lastly, I chose the Business Networking 1 Day Training on June 17 because I thought this would be a useful trainging to have all interns participate in. It is a one day conference with lots of interacting elements to teach young perfessionals all there is to know about networking. 

#The layout of the events can be found under "Calendar" on the main page.

#The results of my findings can be found under "Analysis" on the main page. 
